all right so meal number two right now
like I was just saying how many meals
you doing that one so I'm doing six
meals a day in and I've been dieting
about 300 cards or so
today and which is a lot more than I've
done previously and I'm not doing like a
crazy zero carb type of type of like
card restriction depletion like I've
done in the past because I don't really
feel like I need to get a whole lot
tighter and I want to see if I can be a
little bit fuller knock so I've just
kind of the last two days and then today
I've cut my carbs to about where I'm
doing maybe about 200 150 to 200 today
so I've cut them to hopefully tighten up
a little bit more and then starting
tomorrow I'll kind of bump it up above
where my baseline was and then Thursday
Friday do the same thing hopefully
hopefully be bigger and better than
normal I guess I saw so what was meal
number one number meal number one was I
did 16 ounces of egg whites the liquid
egg whites and two full eggs in there
and then two packets of grits I'm just
like about 40 carbs
no and then for this meal I'm doing
about 2/3 cup of white rice and a little
over 8 or about 8 and a half ounces of
chicken breast
okay so just getting that going right
now good deal all right so we are here
at Walmart I feel like I'm here about
every day so so I'm about four days out
and then you see Grand Rapids now a
qualifier
first up here is grab some asparagus eat
about six or eight spears a day or yeah
six or eight experience a day
just with a few meals a day
just to kind of get the
natural diuretic going
water flowing out of me and it's about
it so grab these on the next
grab a little meat next alright next
stop getting about two pounds two and a
half hour two and a quarter pounds of
90/10 beef sirloin
go through that back in about four four
meals out of that and have to over
so you still have red meat and
everything you're not doing all Fischer
he's still doing red knee
actually a little bit of extra fat right
now especially
kind of lowering carbs for the last
couple days so the extra fat is kind of
to compensate for that gallery who knows
all right so I am just trying to find a
pack of chicken that looks good here
aren't they all the same yes I guess I'm
just you like to feel the breasts I just
want to make sure they what good visual
you know I don't look at the ones that
maybe require a little bit less trimming
and fast
I say to though once again that's gonna
be a date or date I have swore so
chicken for me like I said I'm here
every day pretty much
I don't really stack up a whole lot on
the stuff I just like to get it fresh
right away okay so so I just quick jump
in come in here and grab what I need
real quick and get out
she's grabbed me a little food Cormac's
grill mates mesquite seasoning I love
this stuff
no it is not sodium free but at this
point I'm not really worried about that
I've been adding sodium to most of my
meals all my meals up until this point
and I really am NOT gonna cut that out
until the day before so at that point I
have mrs. - it's all sodium free which I
will then switch to those two the
important
just throwing a case of water in there
also the new grab probably about four
gallons of drinking water so is it to
steal drinking water isn't just normal
drinking water okay
I've read a lot about it just figured
that why not stick with what I'm doing
the whole time rather than kind of
throwing another another variable in the
equation that's it
I'll stick with drinking water I mean
right now I'm drinking about two to two
and a half gallons a day
I beg drinking for my whole diet about
one and a half gallons a day so I've
increased my water intake for these last
couple days and will continue to do so
ramping up that water intake on the till
until the night before the show my
doctors
so I'm just grabbing a few these All
Whites they taste some kind of a lot
better than the egg beaters
the great value brand so I get these
both my first and last meal today
what are you drinking raw butter what do
you do no I so I actually cook them okay
so I do those with a couple
with a couple of relays thrown in there
just to give it a little kick
a little bit of a kick a little bit of
extra flavor plus a little bit of
omega-3 so I get these
the expense of cage-free large
free-roam perch nest and scratch you
know the happy em the Catholic chicken
Pepe hill so the wife approves of these
so I get up to and I know they're high
omega-3 is
it's probably better for me
that's all